1. Clinton talks about her time of 'reflection' during sick days  Hillary Clinton returned to the campaign trail Thursday afternoon, debuting some new intro music and telling the crowd that her sick days allowed her a chance to "reconnect with what this whole campaign is about."  The former secretary of state, who took the stage to James Brown's "I Feel Good," spent the beginning of the week at her home in Chappaqua, New York, after being diagnosed late last week with pneumonia.

2. Her campaign initially did not disclose the illness and only did so after Clinton was forced to leave an event early on Sunday commemorating the 15th anniversary of the Sept.

3. "And I'm not great at taking it easy, even under ordinary circumstances, but with just two months to go until Election Day, sitting at home was pretty much the last place I wanted to be."  "But it turns out having a few days to myself was actually a gift, I talked with some old friends.

4. "The campaign trail doesn't really encourage reflection.

5. And it's important to sit with your thoughts every now and then and that did help me reconnect with what this whole campaign is about."  Clinton compared her own ability to take a handful of sick days to that of many Americans who she said are forced to "either go to work sick or they lose a paycheck." She said those Americans, and others "living on a razor's edge" with an aging parent who needs help or without the means to afford a college education, are the reason she is running for president.

6. The law, seen by many as discriminatory, has prompted the NBA, NCAA and Atlantic Coast Conference to move major sporting events out of the state, costs that the former secretary of state said, "We can't afford."  "I'm running for the LGBT teenager here in North Carolina who sees your governor sign a bill legalizing discrimination and suddenly feels like a second-class citizen," she said.

7. She told the crowd that "I am actually asking Americans to hold me accountable for my ideas and hold my opponent accountable for his."  "You know, I've been involved in politics.

8. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has been discharged from the hospital six weeks after sustaining a life-threatening gunshot wound during an attack on a Republican congressional baseball practice in Virginia.

9. He plans to return to Congress after completing "a period of intensive inpatient rehabilitation."  The full statement:  Congressman Steve Scalise has made excellent progress in his recovery from a life-threatening gunshot wound six weeks ago.

10. Please watch the revealing, 45-minute History Channel documentary Mind Control: America's Secret War at the link below:  https://www.WantToKnow.info/mindcontrolvideo  Some people would rather not know the many potentially disturbing facts about secret mind control programs used to manipulate people and politics around the world.

